Luna B
https://nextdoor.com/profile/0186gCtr7WtSXyx8t/?is=detail_commenter
Gave this List of Suggestions

Oh, how upsetting! For you, the cat, and (maybe especially) the cat sitter. 

I imagine you've looked EVERYWHERE in your home (our kitty was trapped in the attic crawlspace once) so here are some other ideas you may not have tried yet: 

First, if kitty is chipped, be sure the registration info is current so they can reach you if your cat gets scanned anywhere. The microchip company might have a missing pets assistance plan too. (I paid a one-time fee for lifetime help in the event of a disappearance.) 

Next, go door to door to ask neighbors about whether they had their garage or sheds open. S/he might have gotten in, but can't get out. Be sure to leave your phone number with them so they can reach you if they find your kitty. 

Put up posters in a six or eight block radius from your house that are on bright paper in large font. Include only a photo and basic info: MISSING, <cat name>; color and one distinguishing feature if any; (such as black dot at base of tail) your phone number and a photo of kitty. Put a note in smaller font at the bottom that says: "If this poster is up, he's still missing. Please call even if you think you might have seen him." Do NOT put reward - it attracts scammers. Put the posters on poles so they can be read ***by drivers and pedestrians.*** 

Indoor-only or new to the neighborhood kitties tend not to go more than a few blocks radius from home. They also may not come when called (even by their humans) because they're terrified. Indoor/outdoor kitties go further but typically not far - at least initially. (And if kitty hasn't gotten into a vehicle in which the driver unknowingly takes them to somewhere further away and then they escape.)

NOTE: Putting the litter box outside can attract predators like coyotes and bobcats - both seen in this area. So experts discourage people from following that common suggestion. 

Go out to call your kitty when it's quiet - early morning and late evening. That way, there's less going on that will scare her/him and you might also hear her/him meow. If there's a "treat can" or favorite toy that makes a sound, try squeezing/shaking those. 

You also want to look UP. Kitties run up trees and poles to escape danger and then get stuck. If you're out at dark, shine a flash light under things - decks, bushes, etc, - and UP to see if any eyes are glowing. 

NOTE:  Just because cats climb up a tree or pole, doesn't mean they can get back down. Their claws work well for going up, but not down as their body weight and gravity are working against a graceful downwards climb.

If you can't go in person, check PAWS and all the shelters' websites *every day* where they typically have photos. Even the one in Kent. (You'd be surprised how many people find an animal in one neighborhood but take it to a shelter close to where they live or work.) Also let all the vets near where you live know you're looking for your kitty. 

Consider using humane traps. You can get them on loan/rent from several people on Next Door, Seattle Area Feline Rescue and Aurora Rents. If you use traps, check them frequently to release whatever gets trapped. (When I used them, a squirrel, raccoon, possum, and someone else's cat were trapped, but not my kitty.) 

You might also consider this if your kitty is indoor-only or new to the neighborhood: Those kitties don't know what your house looks/smells like from outside. Your kitty does, however, know what YOU smell like. 

So, while this might sound gross, take some of your urine and mix it half & half with water in a spray bottle. Then spray along one *side* of the sidewalks (and stairs if there are any) leading up to your house. Don't make too many "routes" or go too far from home - maybe three blocks in each direction. Go right up to your front door if you can. NOTE: You'll need to re-apply if it rains. 

My 16 year-old, indoor-only cat had been missing for 23 days when I tried this and VOILA - she found her way home that night. Several others on Next Door have reported success with this method too. 

I hope you're re-united soon!